Update the description of Radiant Tee to highlight the real user positive reviews by quoting the comments.
1. Click on the “Catalog” tab in the left side bar. It has a box sign icon. It is located under the “Sales” and above the “customers” tabs.
2. A menu with options will pop out. Click on the “Products” option in the pop out menu to open the “Products” page. It is the top most option in the menu.
3. Click in the “Search by keyword” text box, located on the upper left side of the screen, under the “Products” header.
4. Type in the product name: 'Radiant Tee' and click on the magnifying glass icon in the same text box to search that product.
5. Scroll down until you come to the row corresponding to the product “Radiant Tee”.
6. On that row, click on the blue “Edit” link in the “Action” column, to open the “Radiant Tee” page.
7. Scroll down until you see the "Content" header.
8. Click on the "Content" header to open the dropdown section.
9. Scroll down until you see the "Product Reviews" header.
10. Click on the "Product Reviews" header to open the dropdown section.
11. Select the full text of the first positive review by holding & dragging the mouse.
12. Press "command + c" on the keyboard to copy the selected text.
13. Scroll back up to the "Content" section.
14. In the “Short Description” textbox, type "This product has received positive reviews. Some examples of these are:".
15. Press Enter on the keyboard to go to the next line and then press “command + v" on the keyboard to paste the text of the copied review.
16. Scroll down again to the "Product Reviews" section.
17. Select the full text of the next positive review by holding & dragging the mouse.
18. Press "command + c" on the keyboard to copy the selected text.
19. Scroll back up to the "Content" section.
20. Click in the “Short Description” textbox to go to the end of the last typed line.
21. Press Enter on the keyboard to go to the next line and then press “command + v" on the keyboard to paste the text of the copied review.
22. Repeat steps 16 through 21, to paste as many reviews as needed. 
23. Click on the orange “Save” button at the top right of the page.