Star the top eight most stared repos in Gitlab.
1. Click on the dropdown menu at the right of the "Filter by name" input. This should be towards the top right of the page, under the blue "New Project" button.
2. Click on the option "Most stars" from the dropdown menu.
3. From the displayed list, click on the name of the first project "Primer/design" under the "All" tab.
4. Click on the button "Star" with a star on it at the top right of the screen. This should be inline with the project name, and to the left of the white "Fork" button.
5. Click the "dashboard" button at the top left of the screen. This is the orange "GitLab" fox-like logo in the header menu of the page.
6. From the displayed list, click on the name of the second project "The A11Y Project/a11yproject.com" under "All".
7. Click on the button "Star" with a star on it at the top right of the screen. This should be inline with the project name, and to the left of the white "Fork" button.
8. Click the "dashboard" button at the top left of the screen. This is the orange "GitLab" fox-like logo in the header menu of the page.
9. From the displayed list, click on the name of the third project "Byte Blaze/millenials-to-snake-people" under "All".
10. Click on the button "Star" with a star on it at the top right of the screen. This should be inline with the project name, and to the left of the white "Fork" button.
11. Click the "dashboard" button at the top left of the screen. This is the orange "GitLab" fox-like logo in the header menu of the page.
12. From the displayed list, click on the name of the fourth project "Byte Blaze/empathy-prompts" under "All".
13. Click on the button "Star" with a star on it at the top right of the screen. This should be inline with the project name, and to the left of the white "Fork" button.
14. Click the "dashboard" button at the top left of the screen. This is the orange "GitLab" fox-like logo in the header menu of the page.
15. From the displayed list, click on the name of the fifth project "Byte Blaze/a11y-webring.club" under "All".
16. Click on the button "Star" with a star on it at the top right of the screen. This should be inline with the project name, and to the left of the white "Fork" button.
17. Click the "dashboard" button at the top left of the screen. This is the orange "GitLab" fox-like logo in the header menu of the page.
18. From the displayed list, click on the name of the sixth project "Byte Blaze/ericwbailey.website" under "All".
19. Click on the button "Star" with a star on it at the top right of the screen. This should be inline with the project name, and to the left of the white "Fork" button.
20. Click the "dashboard" button at the top left of the screen. This is the orange "GitLab" fox-like logo in the header menu of the page.
21. From the displayed list, click on the name of the seventh project "Byte Blaze/a11y-syntax-highlighting" under "All".
22. Click on the button "Star" with a star on it at the top right of the screen. This should be inline with the project name, and to the left of the white "Fork" button.
23. Click the "dashboard" button at the top left of the screen. This is the orange "GitLab" fox-like logo in the header menu of the page.
24. From the displayed list, click on the name of the eight project "Byte Blaze/dotfiles" under "All".
25. Click on the button "Star" with a star on it at the top right of the screen. This should be inline with the project name, and to the left of the white "Fork" button.