Star the top eight most stared repos in Gitlab
1. Click the “Explore” tab in the top left of the screen next to “Topics”
2. Click the “Most Stars” tab on the top left of the screen next to “Trending”
3. Scroll until the first 8 repos are visible
4. Click the star icon in the first pane that shows
5. Click the orange GitLab icon on the top left of the screen
6. Click the “Explore” tab in the top left of the screen next to “Topics”
7. Click the “Most Stars” tab on the top left of the screen next to “Trending”
8. Scroll until the first 8 repos are visible
9. Click the star icon in the second pane that shows
10. Click the orange GitLab icon on the top left of the screen
11. Click the “Explore” tab in the top left of the screen next to “Topics”
12. Click the “Most Stars” tab on the top left of the screen next to “Trending”
13. Scroll until the first 8 repos are visible
14. Click the star icon in the third pane that shows
15. Click the orange GitLab icon on the top left of the screen
16. Click the “Explore” tab in the top left of the screen next to “Topics”
17. Click the “Most Stars” tab on the top left of the screen next to “Trending”
18. Scroll until the first 8 repos are visible
19. Click the star icon in the fourth pane that shows
20. Click the orange GitLab icon on the top left of the screen
21. Click the “Explore” tab in the top left of the screen next to “Topics”
22. Click the “Most Stars” tab on the top left of the screen next to “Trending”
23. Scroll until the first 8 repos are visible
24. Click the “Explore” tab in the top left of the screen next to “Topics”
25. Click the “Most Stars” tab on the top left of the screen next to “Trending”
26. Scroll until the first 8 repos are visible
27. Click the star icon in the sixth pane that shows
28. Click the orange GitLab icon on the top left of the screen
29. Click the “Explore” tab in the top left of the screen next to “Topics”
30. Click the “Most Stars” tab on the top left of the screen next to “Trending”
31. Scroll until the first 8 repos are visible
32. Click the star icon in the eighth pane that shows
33. Click the orange GitLab icon on the top left of the screen
34. Click the “Explore” tab in the top left of the screen next to “Topics”
35. Click the “Most Stars” tab on the top left of the screen next to “Trending”
36. Scroll until the first 8 repos are visible
37. Click the star icon in the eighth pane that shows
38. Click the orange GitLab icon on the top left of the screen 