Tell me the reasons why customers like Olivia zip jacket
1. Click on the “CATALOG” button. This button is situated in left-hand side of the screen and has an icon that looks like a shipping box.
2. Click on “Products” in the sidebar popup that appears. This link is placed under the heading “Catalog” and is the first option.
3. Click the search bar which is positioned above the products table at the top of the page. The search box has a magnifying glass icon on its right side. If you're unable to see the search box immediately, it may be necessary to scroll up the page.
4. Type “Olivia zip jacket” into the search box, as that is the product we are interested in. Press the “Enter” key on your keyboard to initiate the search.
5. Scroll through the results to identify the product we want, in this case it is the Olivia zip jacket. If the search yields no results, indicating that the exact product name might not match the store's inventory, remove the latter part of the search term by clicking inside the search box, using the backspace key on your keyboard to delete “ jacket”, and then press “Enter” again. Should there still be no results, indicating further refinement is needed, repeat the deletion process for “ zip”, leaving just “Olivia”. Press “Enter” to search once more.
6. Click on the name of the relevant product. This action will take you to the product detail page, where additional information, including reviews, can be found.
7. Scroll down to find the “Product Reviews” section. This section might be located towards the bottom of the page, so it may require some scrolling.
8. Click on the “Product Reviews” tab to expand and view its contents.
9. Scroll through the expanded “Product Reviews” section to read all available reviews. Reviews will be listed in the “Review” column. Extract the reasons why customers like the Olivia zip jacket from the text found in the “Title” and “Review” columns. These columns will contain concise summaries and detailed feedback from customers, respectively.