Provide me with the complete names of Bluetooth headphones from Sony, and also share the price range for the available models.

1. Click into the search bar, located at the top, right hand side of the page which has the placeholder text "Search entire store here...".
2. Type “Sony bluetooth headphone” into the search bar.
3. Press enter. This finds products related to the phrase “Sony Bluetooth headphone”.
4. Click on the blue text "Electronics", located on the left hand side of the page under the bolded text “Shopping Options” and “Category”. This filters "Electronics" products which is the category of the product needed.
5. Scroll down to fully view the options under the bolded text “Shopping Options” and “Category”.
6. Click on the blue text "Headphones", located on the left hand side of the page under the bolded text “Shopping Options” and “Category”. This filters "Headphones" products which is the category of the product needed.
7. Scroll down through each row of the search results.
8. Note down the product names of products by Sony that are bluetooth headphones, and keep track of the price of the cheapest and most expensive bluetooth headphones by Sony.
9. Scroll to the bottom of the page.
10. Click the next search results page button given by the ">" icon, located directly below the final row of product search results and to the right of the product search results pages.
11. Scroll down through each row of the search results.
12. Note down the product names of products by Sony that are bluetooth headphones, and keep track of the price of the cheapest and most expensive bluetooth headphones by Sony.
13. Scroll to the bottom of the page.
14. Click the next search results page button given by the ">" icon, located directly below the final row of product search results and to the right of the product search results pages.
15. Scroll down through each row of the search results.
16. Note down the product names of products by Sony that are bluetooth headphones, and keep track of the price of the cheapest and most expensive bluetooth headphones by Sony.
17. Since there were no relevant search results on this page, and results are sorted from most to least relevant, we have found all information desired about the names of bluetooth headphones by Sony and the price range of available models.
