Based on the screenshots provided, here is a step-by-step process (SOP) for how to find the least expensive switch card holder with a minimum storage capacity of 15 cards:

1. Click into the search bar, located at the top, right hand side of the page.
2. Type “switch card holder” into the search bar.
3. Press enter. This finds products related to the phrase “switch card holder”.
4. Scroll down to fully view the options under the bolded text “Shopping Options” and “Category”.
5. Click on the blue text "Video Games", located on the left hand side of the page under the bolded text “Shopping Options” and “Category”.
6. Click the “Sort By” criteria, located on the right hand side of the page.
7. Click “Price” in the pop up menu.
8. Click the gray downward arrow directly to the right of the “Sort By” criteria. This sorts search results from lowest to highest price.
9. Scroll down through each row of search results.
10. Since there are no switch game card holders on this page, we will explore the next page of search results.
11. Scroll to the bottom of the page.
12. Click the next page button, located below the final row of search results and to the right of the product page numbers.
13. Scroll down through each row of search results.
14. Since there are no switch game card holders on this page, we will explore the next page of search results.
15. Scroll to the bottom of the page.
16. Click the next page button, located below the final row of search results and to the right of the product page numbers.
17. Scroll down through each row of search results.
18. Since there are no switch game card holders on this page, we will explore the next page of search results.
19. Scroll to the bottom of the page.
20. Click the next page button, located below the final row of search results and to the right of the product page numbers.
21. Scroll down through each row of search results.
22. Since there are no switch game card holders on this page, we will explore the next page of search results.
23. Scroll to the bottom of the page.
24. Click the next page button, located below the final row of search results and to the right of the product page numbers.
25. Scroll down through each row of search results.
26. Click on the first product in the second row of search results, “Game Card Holder Storage Case...”.
27. Scroll down to the “Product Description” portion of the page.
28. Since “Game Card Holder Storage Case...” is the first search result with a capacity of 40 cards, it is the least expensive shoe storage system with a minimum storage capacity of 15 cards.
