Please provide me with the complete product names of Oral B brush heads designed for children, along with their corresponding price range per brush
1. Click into the search bar, located at the top, right hand side of the page. It is located directly to the left of the shopping cart icon.
2. Type the desired search term, in this case “children oral b brush head”, into the search bar.
3. Press the "Enter/Return" key. This finds products related to the phrase “children oral b brush head”.
4. Click on the blue text "Beauty & Personal Care", located on the left hand side of the page under the bolded text “Shopping Options” and “Category”.
5. Click on the blue text "Oral Care", located on the left hand side of the page under the bolded text “Shopping Options” and “Category”.
6. Scroll down through each row of the search results. Note down the product names of products that are Oral B brush heads designed for children, and keep track of the price of the cheapest and most expensive Oral B brush heads designed for children.
7. Click the next search results page button, located directly below the final row of product search results and to the right of the product search results pages.
8. Scroll down through each row of the search results. Note down the product names of products that are Oral B brush heads designed for children, and keep track of the price of the cheapest and most expensive Oral B brush heads designed for children.
9. Click the next search results page button, located directly below the final row of product search results and to the right of the product search results pages.
10. Scroll down through each row of the search results. Note down the product names of products that are Oral B brush heads designed for children, and keep track of the price of the cheapest and most expensive Oral B brush heads designed for children.
11. Since there were no relevant search results on this page, and results are sorted from most to least relevant, we have found all information desired about the names of Oral B brush heads designed for children and the price range of available models.