I previously ordered some a TV stand sometime around sep 2022 and later cancelled. Can you reorder it for me?

1. Click on the blue “My Account” link at the top of the page to view the user's account information. It should be located to the left of the "My Wish List" link and near the top of the page.
2. Click on the "My Orders" tab in the gray sidebar on the lefthand side of the page to view the customer's old orders. This tab is located directly below the "My Account" tab and directly above the "My Downloadable Products" tab.
3. Scroll to the next page button, located directly below table of orders and directly to the right of the page numbers. Since there are no relevant orders on this page of the order table, we want to search the next page of orders.
4. Click the next page button, located directly below table of orders and directly to the right of the page numbers. Since there are no relevant orders on this page of the order table, we move on to search the next page of orders.
5. Scroll to the next page button, located directly below table of orders and directly to the right of the page numbers. Since there are no relevant orders on this page of the order table, we want to search the next page of orders.
6. Click the next page button, located directly below table of orders and directly to the right of the page numbers. Since there are no relevant orders on this page of the order table, we move on to search the next page of orders.
7. Click the blue "View Order" link in the "Action" column row of the table containing the desired order, which allows us to see the order's details. You can identify the desired order by checking the "Status" and "Date" columns of each row and see if they match the desired criteria, in this case a canceled order from around September of 2022.
8. Locate the desired product, scrolling down through the "Items Ordered" list if necessary. The "Items Ordered" list is located below the bolded text "Items Ordered". In this case, the desired product is in the second row of the "Items Ordered" table, which we can tell based on the "Product Name" column of each row. In this case, we see that the second row of the table contains a product with the desired key words "TV Stand", matching our desired product.
9. Click the blue "Reorder" link, located above the bolded text "Items Ordered". This allows us to reorder all items, including the desired item.
10. Click the "Remove item" button on the first unnecessary item, which is located directly to the right of the "Edit" button for the given product. Scroll down to view this item if necessary. Unnecessary items have product names which are different from the desired product. This ensures the order only contains our desired item. 
11. Click the "Remove item" button on the second unnecessary item, which is located directly to the right of the "Edit" button for the given product. Scroll down to view this item if necessary. Unnecessary items have product names which are different from the desired product. This ensures the order only contains our desired item.
12. Click the blue "Proceed to Checkout" button, located directly under the text "Apply Discount Code". This takes us to check out with the desired product.
13. Click the blue "Next" button, located near the bottom middle of the screen. This helps us progress with checking out the desired item.
14. Click the blue "Place Order" button, located directly to the left of the "Ship To:" button. This places the order for the desired product and completes our reordering of the product.