Based on the screenshots provided, here is a step-by-step process (SOP) for how to find the price range of teeth grinding mouth guard in the One Stop Market:

1. Click into the search bar, located at the top, right hand side of the page.
2. Type “teeth grinding mouth guard” into the search bar.
3. Press enter. This finds products related to teeth grinding mouth guards.
4. Click the “Sort By” criteria, located on the right hand side of the page.
5. Click “Price” in the pop up menu. This sorts search results from highest to lowest price.
6. Click on the blue text "Beauty & Personal Care", located on the left hand side of the page under the bolded text “Shopping Options” and “Category”.
7. Click on the blue text "Oral Care", located on the left hand side of the page under the bolded text “Shopping Options” and “Category”.
8. Scroll to the bottom of the page, observing the search results. Since there are no teeth grinding mouth guards on this page, we will make our search going forward more efficient by expanding the number of search results displayed on each page.
9. Click the “Show per page” number.
10. Click “36” in the pop up menu. This shows a greater number of search results per results page.
11. Scroll to the top of the page.
12. Scroll down through each row of search results on this page.
13. Since there is a teeth grinding mouth guard on this page, “Custom Dental Night Guard...”, we have found the most expensive teeth grinding mouth guard offered by One Stop Market.
14. Scroll to the top of the page.
15. Click into the search bar, located at the top, right hand side of the page.
16. Press enter. This returns us to the first page of results.
17. Click the “Sort By” criteria, located on the right hand side of the page.
18. Click “Price” in the pop up menu.
19. Click the downward arrow directly to the right of the “Sort By” criteria. This sorts search results from lowest to highest price.
20. Click on the blue text "Beauty & Personal Care", located on the left hand side of the page under the bolded text “Shopping Options” and “Category”.
21. Click on the blue text "Oral Care", located on the left hand side of the page under the bolded text “Shopping Options” and “Category”.
22. Scroll down through each row of search results on this page.
23. Since there are no teeth grinding mouth guards on this page, we will make our search going forward more efficient by expanding the number of search results displayed on each page.
24. Scroll to the bottom of the page.
25. Click the “Show per page” number.
26. Click “36” in the pop up menu. This shows a greater number of search results per results page.
27. Scroll to the top of the page.
28. Scroll down through each row of search results on this page.
29. Since there are no teeth grinding mouth guards on this page, we will move on to the next page of results.
30. Scroll to the bottom of the page.
31. Click the next page button, located below the final row of search results and to the right of the product page numbers.
32. Scroll to the top of the page.
33. Scroll down through each row of search results on this page.
34. Since there is a teeth grinding mouth guard on this page, “AKwell Anti Teeth-Grinding Dental Guard...”, we have found the cheapest teeth grinding mouth guard offered by One Stop Market.
35. Thus, the price range of teeth grinding mouth guard offered by One Stop Market is the price range between the cheapest and the most expensive teeth grinding mouth guard found in the product search results.
