Buy the highest rated product from the NS switch pouch category within a budget under 60.
1. Click on the "Video Games" section button, which is located to the right of the "Cell Phones & Accessories" section button.
2. Click on the blue "Nintendo Switch" filter option, which is located on the lefthand side of the page and directly under the "Playstation 4" filter option.
3. Click on the blue "$0.00 - $99.99" filter option, which is located on the lefthand side of the page and directly under the bolded text "Price".
4. Click on the "Sort By" button, directly to the right of the text "Sort By".
5. Click on "Price" option in the pop-up menu, located directly below the "Product Name" option.
6. Scroll through each row of the products on the current page of search results, checking to see if the desired product is on this page.
7. We will navigate to the next page, since our desired product is not on this page.
8. Scroll down to the next page button if necessary. This button is located directly to the right of the page numbers.
9. Click the next page button, which is located directly to the right of the page numbers.
10. Scroll through each row of the products on the current page of search results, checking to see if the desired product is on this page.
11. We will navigate to the next page, since our desired product is not on this page.
12. Scroll down to the next page button if necessary. This button is located directly to the right of the page numbers.
13. Click the next page button, which is located directly to the right of the page numbers.
14. Scroll through each row of the products on the current page of search results, checking to see if the desired product is on this page.
15. We will navigate to the next page, since our desired product is not on this page.
16. Scroll down to the next page button if necessary. This button is located directly to the right of the page numbers.
17. Click the next page button, which is located directly to the right of the page numbers.
18. Scroll through each row of the products on the current page of search results, checking to see if the desired product is on this page.
19. Click on the blue "Add to Cart" button for the desired product, which is located directly below the product's price and directly to the left of the heart button for the product. You can identify the desired product based on the product name, which is the text directly below the product image.
20. Scroll to the top of the page.
21. Click on the cart button, which is an icon of a shopping cart and which is located at the top right of the page, directly to the right of the search bar.
22. Click the blue "Proceed to Checkout" button in the pop-up menu, located directly below the cart subtotal amount.
23. Click the blue "Next" button, which is located near the bottom middle of the screen.
24. Click the blue "Place Order" button, which is located directly to the left of the large text "Ship To:".