Modify the address of order #65 to 789 Pine Lane, San Francisco, CA, 94102.
1. Click on the “Sales” tab in the left side bar. It has a dollar ($) sign icon. It is located under the “Dashboard” tab.
2. A menu with options will pop out. Click on the “Orders” option in the pop out menu to open the “Orders” page. It is the top most option in the menu.
3. Click the gray "Filters" button in the top center of the page. It has an icon which looks a funnel and is towards the right of the “Search by Keyword” textbox.
4. Click in the textbox below “ID”, towards the left of the page, below the “Purchase Date” text boxes.
5. Type or Replace any existing text with “65”in this textbox.
6. Click the gray “Apply Filters” box. It is in the bottom right, next to the blue “Cancel” button.
7. On the row corresponding to the order ID 000000065, click on the blue “View” link in the “Action” column, to open the “000000065” page.
8. Scroll down to the “Shipping Address” under the “Address Information” header extension and click the blue “Edit” link to the right of it, to open the “Admin” page. 
9. Under the “Order Address Information” header, scroll down until the bold text “Street Address” and “Zip/Postal Code” are both the visible on the screen.
10. Click in the text box to the right of “Street Address*” label and drag the mouse to select the entire written text.
11. Press delete on the keyboard to clear this text and then type “789 Pine Lane”.
12. Click in the text box to the right of “State/Province*” label to open the dropdown menu.
13. Scroll and select “California” from the menu.
14. Click in the text box to the right of “City*” label and drag the mouse to select the entire written text.
15. Press delete on the keyboard to clear this text and then type “San Francisco”.
16. Click in the text box to the right of “Zip/Popstal Code” label and drag the mouse to select the entire written text.
17.Press delete on the keyboard to clear this text and then type “94102”.
18. Click on the orange “Save Order Address” rectangular button at the top right of the page.