List the customer names who complain about the quality of EYZUTAK phone cases

1. Click into the search bar in the top right corner of the page to focus it. The search bar has an icon of a magnifying glass at its rightmost end, and is located directly to the left of the shopping cart icon.
2. Type in the name of the desired product to create the search query. In this case, we type in “EYZUTAK phone cases”.
3. Press enter to search for the desired product.
4. Look through each row of search results to locate the desired product, in this case “EYZUTAK phone cases”, scrolling down if necessary. The desired product can be identified by finding a search result with a product name that matches our desired product. Each product's name can be found directly under each product’s picture. Since the search results are automatically sorted by relevance, it’s likely our product will appear in the first few rows. In this case, the product appears as the first item in the first row of results.
5. Scroll down to find the “Reviews” tab. The product page’s tabs are located below the product picture and directly to the right of the “Details” tab.
6. Click on the “Reviews” tab to view the product’s reviews. After clicking on the “Reviews” tab, it should go from being grayed out to white and black.
7. Scroll down through all product reviews on this page of reviews. Keep track of customer names for reviews that satisfy the given criteria, in this case reviews that complain about the quality of the product. The customer name is the bolded text in each review’s content, directly below the star icons. The content of the review can be found directly to the right of the star icons.
8. Click on the next page of reviews, in this case the blue number “2” located directly to the right of the bolded number “1”, to see the rest of the product’s reviews. Since there is another page of reviews, we need to read reviews on that page as well in order to find all customers who complain about the quality of the product.
9. Scroll down through all product reviews on this page of reviews. Keep track of customer names for reviews that satisfy the given criteria, in this case reviews that complain about the quality of the product. The customer name is the bolded text in each review’s content, directly below the star icons. The content of the review can be found directly to the right of the star icons.
10. After we have scrolled through all pages of reviews, we need to return the customer names of all reviews we read that complained about the quality of the desired product, in this case “EYZUTAK phone cases”.